Student Council Office
It's late.
The handwriting is messy.
You used the wrong format.
Do it over, dumbass.
My name is Mashiro Ai.
I'm a first-year high school student.
I've somehow become the
student council secretary.
Are you listening to me?!
I-I'm listening, President!
Less yapping, more writing.
Want me to shut that mouth of yours?
I'm late!
I slept in because the president
had me working late.
The president's in the middle of an exam.
Student Council Office
It was a lapse in judgment.
I promise never to do it again.
So please...
Fine.
I won't tell anyone.
Secretary!
But in return...
In return?
From now on, you're going to do
everything I tell you to, President.
What...?!
From now on,
you're going to
do everything I tell you to...
President
...♥
What...?!
Art Room
Why is it...
Slave of Love
that this guy is so relatable?
And the girl seems familiar...
President...
Senpai!
'Sup?!
I bought new loafers!
I like sneakers for their comfort,
but a high school girl's gotta be
able to wear loafers, am I right?
Ta-da!
What do you think, Senpai?
Is it electrifying?
S-Sure, they look good.
That's a weak reaction.
Hey, is that Slave of Love?
I didn't know you read shoujo manga, Senpai.
Wh-What's wrong with that?
I-I heard it's getting an anime adaptation,
so I bought it out of curiosity.
Oh, no.
I never said there's anything wrong.
I've been keeping up with it, too.
Really?
I mean, I don't normally read manga much.
Anime adaptation announced!!
Slave of Love
President, are you listening?
But I feel weirdly close with
the protagonist, Ai-chan.
It cracks me up seeing the mega-sadistic
four-eyes get all teary-eyed.
I'm sure it does.
I bet you'd get all teary-eyed if
a girl did this kinda stuff to you.
No, not really.
It's nowhere near as bad as
how someone toys with me.
If you're so sure, why don't I hit
you with some Slave of Love play?
D-Do what you want.
No manga skit is going to mess me up.
Here.
Nah, not Volume 1.
They haven't gotten warmed up that early on.
The latest volume, though...
Ack...
Sorry.
Drip
Lick it off with your tongue,
Council President.
Clean
it
with
your
tongue,
President ♥
Ugh...
Shoe-licking play!
Not bad for a shoujo manga!
This protagonist's messed up!
Th-This is taking it a little far.
Oh, whoopsies.
I got it on my loafer.
Seriously, stop!
Wait...
S-Senpai...
Th-Thanks, Senpai.
Wh-Whatever.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
It's You and Me, Senpai~
Nagatoro.
Come to think of it...
Senpai!
Let's go to the beach!
Maybe for once, I should be the one to...
No, no, no!
Hold up. Hold up.
What am I, a moth into the flame?
Wise men stay clear of danger.
Still, though...
Creeper!
What are you doing?
Are you a stalker?
Creeper! Creeper!
N-No!
Man, that was crazy, even for you.
I could totally report you to the police.
Moments away from an incident!
You're lucky I'm a nice girl.
It's my duty as a citizen to report you,
but I'll give you a little bit of leeway.
I-I wasn't...
I just noticed you, so I thought
I'd talk to you. That's all.
I see.
All right.
I'll give you a lesson on how
to talk to people, Senpai.
I'm good.
Don't be so shy.
We're buddies, aren't we?
Senpai!
That's Type A.
The most fundamental of all greetings.
That's a rather violent greeting.
What are you talking about?
You're expressing true
friendship through skinship.
Next, Type B.
Here we go!
There's more?
Obviously!
Let's keep going!
Senpai!
Ow!
Don't you have a more normal greeting?
There's no such thing as a normal
greeting for a high school girl.
Really?
Okay, last one. Here I go!
The ultimate greeting.
Se-n...
pai!
How's that, Senpai?
No, err...
Y-Y-You're too close!
Nah, nah.
This is totally normal for high school girls.
N-No way.
Damn it!
She's totally messing with me.
Okay, your turn, Senpai.
Try one on me.
No way!
I'm not doing that!
Senpai, you're a wuss.
Shut up!
I can't do it!
S-S-Skinship with a girl?!
I see.
Maybe I'll tell everyone at school, then.
T-Tell them what?
That I glomped you, and you got hard.
Ew, Senpai!
You're so gross!
All I did was hug you!
Wh-What are you talking about?!
I-I-I'm not actually...
Everyone, get this!
All I did was hug my senpai, and he—
Senpai, you're a loser!
Shut up!
What if I actually...
smacked her on the head right now?
How would Nagatoro react?
If I actually hugged her from behind...
How would she react?
No, no!
What are you thinking?
S-S-S-S-Sorry!
Sorry.
'Sup?!
'Sup?
I knew it! High school girls
just use normal greetings!
What're you up to?
Nothing.
Let us join.
Join!
I said we're not doing anything.
You suck.
Oh, yeah.
Are you down to do the thing
after school, Hayacchi?
The thing?
The thing!
Oh.
I'm down.
All right, we're doing it.
Senpai, let's go party.
P-Party?
That's right.
The culture festival after-party.
Okay, see you after school.
I'll text you once I'm
done dealing with stuff.
Text.
Later.
Can't wait, huh, Senpai?
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Art Room
The culture festival after-party...
I'm sure it's at the usual
family restaurant, but...
Senpai...
Is it just me, or is it cold today?
The AC is messed up.
Seriously?
It's ancient, so...
Well, whatever.
This calls for...
tights!
It's winter soon, after all.
I bought them the other day.
Huh...
I'm surprised, though.
You didn't seem like the type to wear those.
Are you saying I'm like a grade-school kid
who wears shorts and short sleeves all year?
No, not really, but...
Girls wear skirts for their uniforms,
so you'd think you'd be less
prone to getting cold than guys.
Senpai...
Girls' fashion is all about grit!
On windy days, on snowy days...
Skirts are to be worn with willpower!
Huh... That's rough.
But sometimes we want warmth, too.
I see...
Tights, huh?
You gotta do what you gotta do.
"You gotta do what you gotta do"?
What do you mean by,
You mean you're disappointed, don't you?
You're disappointed you don't get to
see my bare legs anymore, aren't you?
N-No!
Senpai's obsessed with my bare legs!
Ew! Creep!
I'm not!
Okay, you put these on me, then.
What?!
Wh-Why would I do that?
So I can observe you up-close to see
if you're obsessed with my bare legs.
Come on, Senpai.
Hurry up and put it on me.
You're taking forever, Senpai.
Couldn't you be a bit smoother?
Oh, right, you can't. You're a virgin.
Damn it...
Just pretend I'm bagging a daikon
radish and get it done quickly.
So soft.
It's nothing like a radish.
It's soft and smooth, yet firm and supple.
A girl's leg...
Nagatoro's leg!
What are you getting all tense about?!
Hurry up and put it on, please!
Clear your mind...
So soft!
No!
Clear your mind...
So soft!
That's enough!
I'll finish putting it on myself!
Okay!
Okay, already!
Your hand movements are way too pervy!
I wasn't trying to...
Ow, ow, ow!
What do you think?
I-I mean, they look okay, I guess.
Senpai, do you have a tights fetish?
N-No!
Gamo-chan says they're ready to go.
Fukkura Sushi
I don't have much money.
Don't worry.
We have the money from our straps.
You can eat all you want.
R-Really?
First bite's gotta be tuna, right?
Tuna!
The smoked salmon's good.
Salmon!
This is awesome.
I haven't had sushi in forever.
Sushi!
I feel so out of place.
I guess I'll focus on eating.
Senpai, get me a negi toro.
S-Sure.
Urchin for me.
Fries for me.
Bonito.
Karaage.
Eel.
Shoot!
This seat's a trap!
Tuna!
The lane side is the slave's seat!
Udon.
Work!
They invited me so they
can work me to the bone!
Senpai, what are you having next?
Amberjack, maybe?
Okay, amberjack. How much?
Thanks.
I'm going to treat you today.
I mean...
You were the one who worked the most
at the school festival, Senpai.
So you're the star of the show tonight.
Star here!
Treat him with respect, just for today.
A'ight.
Got it.
Offerings for Paisen.
Eat up, if you will.
Karaage.
Have some salad, too.
Th-Thank you.
Senpai's more of a fish
type, don't you think?
Or an herbivore.
Sheep?
You should eat tons of fatty stuff.
You're such a twig.
I guess I had the wrong idea about them.
Looks like I can relax for today.
Okay!
Special service for Paisen.
Put some salmon roe on top of the salmon...
Ta-da!
Salmon red caviar oyako sushi!
Try it, Paisen.
It's not bad.
They're the same species, so it makes sense.
Right?
Doesn't it elevate it a bit?
I'm making some, too!
I put mayonnaise corn on
top of a Hamburg steak sushi.
Give it a try.
It's pretty trashy, but it's good.
Me, too! Me, too!
I put urchin on top of shrimp sushi.
I call it gorgeous nigiri!
Yum!
Senpai!
I'll make you a special, too.
Take half the cod roe off
and put soft roe on top.
The cod roe and soft roe have a
miraculous encounter in your stomach.
The preggers sushi!
You might get knocked up, Senpai!
Nasty.
Yeah...
Who makes dirty jokes with food?
It's a sushi violation.
Too far.
Sacrilege!
Hayacchi does that sometimes.
Cod roe and soft roe...
Pregnant?
Paisen went for it!
Wait, this is good.
The cod roe and soft roe go well together.
It's good.
See?
That's Senpai for you.
He's a creepy creeper, but he's got good taste.
I have the approval of the star of the day!
Whoo!
Jeez, you're annoying.
I'll make some, too.
Yoshi, cod roe and soft roe, please.
Don't copy me!
Okay, I'll use soft roe and soft roe
to make creepy creeper sushi.